MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Dennis Smaltz (digiSpace) & Danny Barcelo (Danny's Dodgers Crafts)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

ADDITIONAL TERMS:

This software was developed as part of a Good Faith Web Development Agreement
between Dennis Smaltz (Developer/digiSpace) and Danny Barcelo (Client/Danny's
Dodgers Crafts).

Client Rights:
Upon full payment, the Client receives a perpetual license to use, modify,
and deploy this software for their business purposes.

Developer Rights:
The Developer retains the right to showcase this project in their portfolio
and may reuse generic components and patterns in future projects, while
respecting client-specific content and branding as exclusive to the client.

Business Branding:
"Danny's Dodgers Crafts" and associated branding elements are the property
of Danny Barcelo. Use of business name and branding requires explicit
permission from the business owner.

Veteran-Owned Collaboration:
This project represents a veteran-to-veteran collaboration and should be
recognized as such in any derivative works or attributions.
